name Julian Draxler position midfield
born 20 september 93 steffi graf
won when I was little was the
first wm I actively followed
actually the 2006 where I am complete
remember
In 2002 I was still a bit young
I know only fragments but 2006 was
of course in your own country here in
Germany and there I was and also
my whole family full of people
germany has that at the time
whole country was excited because of that was there
every game with safety a highlight
and otherwise I was actually then
very focused on brazil because the
a lot of superstars
those without line had kaka and then
even from aldo the brazilian
around 200
what jogi Löw with for the first time
Offered when I was still in the
school and then have my break during the break
mailbox listened and thought then
actually a bad joke but it
were a huge feeling and after that I have
Do not wait for a word
teaching like that I mean me
thoughts still with national team me
I think I'm on the offensive right now
I am very willing to take risks
in one-on-one sometimes two against
One thing has to be tricky and that
makes women's football the most fun
makes the direct battles the
opponent and that's why I think that
In any case, my strengths are running
fly and not in witten
childhood dream will she deal with it
If you meet at the World Cup final
is that what every boy actually plays
dreaming of what to do on the playground
plays what you simulate with with buddies
wm finale in the wm semifinal and
there in real life there is then
is it a huge thing I'm glad
most on the games
the challenge against the big ones
teams at such a huge tournament
of course that is very nice and to play
The country of Brazil is also fascinated
of course the people and not and and
I believe that we are really in the country
are football and that's why it's
a huge challenge and also a
great incentive more
I believe that's the potential
no doubt that we make it to the final
but we also know how to do it
that he does not have his in brazil any
normal wm is that there are many things
can happen
but I think if you look at ours
current squad looks that we are there
already big already loaded in the
title plays